At present, I am taking an educattional loan for an huge amount to complete my Masters program in Business Analytics and Information systems at University of South Florida. I cannot afford more for the pre requisite course. I am need of the financial aid to complete the pre requisiste courses.










I have been admitted into University of South Florida, starting August 2017 into the 'Business Analytics and Information systems' program. After I got the admit letter from the university, based on my profile I was asked complete 2 pre- requisites by the university namely Master Statistics with R and Financial Accounting. It does involves a lot of learning, assignment completion and creating a project, which isn't quite possible if I am involved in a full-time employment. I left my job to comeplete the pre requisites and also other formalities scuh as Visa and paper works which are mandatory. With no job in hand, savings being low. I might not be able to afford the course fee which is being charged.

I have taken an educational loan to pursue Masters program in Business Analytics and Information systems at University of South Florida. The course "Master Statistics with R" will be a trigger and would help me gain knowledge on the exploratory data analysis techniques. I believe that having knowledge on the 'Inferential Statistics' and 'Linear Regression and Modeling' would give me a headstart while I enroll for the 'Statistical Data Mining' course as a part of the 'Business Analytics and Information systems' program at University. Also getting certified on the course offered by the prestigious Duke University will add weightage to my profile which would be helpfful for me during campus placements or any interviews.

As I have mentioned already, I am taking an educational loan for am huge amount, I couldn't ask my parents for more money as it will burden them. I am need of this financial aid.
Thanks in advance.










I have worked in the Bsuiness Intelligence domain in the one of the reputed MNC in India. During my work tenure, I have got an opportunity to work in analytics project. Slowly my interest towards the analytics technolgy has increased. I did a lot research on the tools and how one can reach to the summit in the analytics sector. I have applied for Business Analytics and Information systems at the  University of South Florida. The course work at the university has been tailored so as to meet the current IT market. Learning and gaining knowledge in the Statistics with R will give an head start for me to prepare myself for the upcoming course "Statistical Data Mining" which I am gonna take up at the university. This course could be the starting step for my carrer into analytics field of the IT sector.
